right there tiger came before coming up
behind you repairs are so far away I
left panther I asked they got on they
got a pretty any concentration over here
already spotted a 2 A 1 hopefully name
let's track the country ship GW take
position so you can get a shot on both a
one spot if you can't then just keep
pushing on me down
score some of these get back and get
that little bitch when shit out of
already
or on base
all right you guys the wind think al
you're doing good just go ahead and get
on cap right away everyone else
defensive doctrine stay alive as long as
you can please I just out of the
building Mike reset that cap your
peanuts good man watch your back darkest
but you gotta I is three coming down on
the left side that's your nine o'clock
ten o'clock range held a good job Mike